.TH saml2aws-auto 1 "01 Oct 2018" "version 1.0"

.SH NAME
saml2aws-auto - A simple to use management tool for multiple AWS account credentials when using Keycloak as Identity Provider
.SH SYNOPSIS
saml2aws-auto [-hvV] <SUBCOMMAND>
.SH DESCRIPTION
The following
.B flags
are available:

.B  -h, --help
    Display a help text.

.B  -V, --version
    Display version information.

.B  -v
    Enable more verbose output (Denoted with 'DEBU' in output).


The following
.B subcommands
are available:

.B  configure
    Interactively configure Identity Provider endpoint and user login credentials.

.B  refresh
    Renew downloaded STS credentials by reauthenticating with IDP.

.B  groups
    Add a logical group of AWS roles for federation.

    The following
.B subcommands
are available:

        groups
.B add
<name>
          Adds a group with one or more roles as <name>.
          This subcommand of
.B groups
has the following options:

          --accounts <accounts>
            Names of AWS accounts to add to the new group.
            You may either specify this or --prefix, not both.

          --mfa <mfa>
            MFA token to authenticate.

          --password <password>
            Password to use for authentication.

          --username <username>
            Username to use for authentication.

          --prefix <prefix>
            Used to filter through accounts.
            Specify <prefix> to only add accounts that match.
            You may either specify this or --accounts, not both.

          --role <role>
            Name of the role to configure (e.g. Administrator)

          --session-duration <session_duration>
            The session duration when refreshing tokens.
            Maximum is defined in the AWS Role.

        groups
.B delete
          Deletes a group.

        groups
.B help
          Print help text for the
.B groups
subcommand.
        

.B  help
    Display help text ( see
.B -h flag
)

.B  version
    Display version information ( see
.B -V flag
)

.SH EXAMPLES
saml2aws-auto configure
    Interactively setup Identity Provider

saml2aws-auto groups add my-accounts --role Administrator --prefix "my-accounts-"
    Add a new group called 'mygroup' for the Administrator role.
    Only match accounts starting with 'my-accounts-'

saml2aws-auto refresh my-accounts
    Refresh a group called 'my-accounts'

.SH AUTHOR
Jan Christophersen <jan@ruken.pw>

Built with <3 on github <https://github.com/Rukenshia/saml2aws-auto>
